project/glossary.rst, before:

.. _glossary:

Glossary
========

This glossary introduces common terminology used within this project.

.. _def-commit:

Commit
------

A "commit" is a change to one or more files that contains information about why
the change was made.

.. _def-dns:

DNS
---

Domain Name Systems (DNS) turns domain names into IP addresses, which browsers
use to load internet pages. This is like a phone book for the internet.

.. _def-domain:

Domain (Name)
-------------

This is the "name" of a website that is typed into the "address bar" of a web
browser in order to find a website on the internet.

.. _def-dynamic:

Dynamic Site
------------

Dynamic sites use special software that allow users to log in and make changes
to the website to the live instance.

.. _def-git:

Git
---

Git is one of the most robust and well-known Version Control Systems currently
available.

.. _def-github:

Github
------

Github is one of many services that hosts git repositories for free.

.. _def-md:

Markdown
--------

Markdown is a special format for text files with syntax that tells software how
to turn text files into web pages.

.. _def-ssg:

Static Site Generator
---------------------

Static Site Generators (SSG) are used to "build" an entire website, including
all pages that any user may want to visit.

.. _def-template:

Template
--------

Website templates are pre-designed layouts that control what a website will look
like after it is built and published.

.. _def-vcs:

Version Control System
----------------------

Version Control Systems (VCS) are tools that keep track of all changes made to
all file across an entire project.

.. _def-webpage:

Web Page
--------

Each "page" on a website is known as a web page.

.. _def-website:

Website
-------

A website is a location on the internet with a collection of content, much like
the "website" that you are most likely to be reading at this moment.

Commit message:

Clean up furo theme and "project internals" page

project/glossary.rst, after:

.. _glossary:

Glossary
========

This glossary introduces common terminology used within this project. If you are
new to our project documentation, we recommend briefly skimming through this
page in order to familiarize yourself with common terms.

.. _def-commit:

Commit
------

A "commit" is a change to one or more files that contains information about why
the change was made.

.. _def-dns:

DNS
---

Domain Name Systems (DNS) turns domain names into IP addresses, which browsers
use to load internet pages. This is like a phone book for the internet.

.. _def-domain:

Domain (Name)
-------------

This is the "name" of a website that is typed into the "address bar" of a web
browser in order to find a website on the internet.

.. _def-dynamic:

Dynamic Site
------------

Dynamic sites use special software that allow users to log in and make changes
to the website to the live instance.

.. _def-git:

Git
---

Git is one of the most robust and well-known Version Control Systems currently
available.

.. _def-github:

Github
------

Github is one of many services that hosts git repositories for free.

.. _def-md:

Markdown
--------

Markdown is a special format for text files with syntax that tells software how
to turn text files into web pages.

.. _def-ssg:

Static Site Generator
---------------------

Static Site Generators (SSG) are used to "build" an entire website, including
all pages that any user may want to visit.

.. _def-template:

Template
--------

Website templates are pre-designed layouts that control what a website will look
like after it is built and published.

.. _def-vcs:

Version Control System
----------------------

Version Control Systems (VCS) are tools that keep track of all changes made to
all file across an entire project.

.. _def-webpage:

Web Page
--------

Each "page" on a website is known as a web page.

.. _def-website:

Website
-------

A website is a location on the internet with a collection of content, much like
the "website" that you are most likely to be reading at this moment.
